Update documentation for event monitoring at .netstandard2.0 (#1879)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/eventmonitoring.md

    }
});
```

## Limitations

> This feature is not available in .netstandard2.0, because `System.Reflection` is required to generate event handlers dynamically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is not available in .NET Standard 2.0, because `System.Reflection` is required to generate event handlers dynamically. 
```
